Archer-Daniels-Midland Company (NYSE:ADM) and Bunge Limited (NYSE:BG) are both Consumer Goods companies that recently hit new highs. The recent price action of these companies has left
 many investors wondering what actions to take. To determine if one is a better investment than the other, we will compare the two names across various metrics, including growth, profitability, risk, return, div
idends, and valuation.</p>
<p>Archer-Daniels-Midland Company (NYSE:ADM) operates in the Farm Products segment of the Consumer Goods sector. The company has grown sales at a -6.90% annual rate over the past five years, putting it in the lo
w growth category. ADM has a net profit margin of 2.00% and is more profitable than the average company in the Farm Products industry. In terms of efficiency, ADM has an asset turnover ratio of 1.57. This figure
 represents the amount of revenue a company generates per dollar of assets. ADM’s financial leverage ratio is 1.22, which indicates that the company’s asset base is primarily funded by equity capital. Company’s 
return on equity, which is really just the product of the company’s profit margin, asset turnover, and financial leverage ratios, is 7.10%, which is worse than the Farm Products industry average ROE.</p>
<p>Archer-Daniels-Midland Company (ADM) pays out an annual dividend of 1.28 per share. At the current valuation, this equates to a dividend yield of 3.25%. The company has a payout ratio of 58.80%. ADM’s current
 dividend therefore should be sustainable. Stock’s free cash flow yield, which represents the amount of cash available to investors before dividends, expressed as a percentage of the stock price, is 1.86. All else equal, companies with higher FCF yields are viewed as cheaper. Company trades at a P/E ratio of 18.48, and is less expensive than the average stock in the Farm Products industry. The average investment recommendation for ADM, taken from a group of Wall Street Analysts, is 3.00, or a hold.</p>
<p>Over the past three months, Archer-Daniels-Midland Company insiders have been net buyers, dumping a net of 0 shares. This implies that insiders have been feeling relatively bearish about the outlook for ADM. 
Insider activity and sentiment signals are important to monitor because they can shed light on how “risky” a stock is perceived to be at it’s current valuation. Knowing this, it makes sense to look at beta, a measure of market risk. ADM has a beta of 1.11 and therefore an above average level of market volatility.
